sales are very special kind of wings
very thin so the flow struggle to go
around the sale typically if you're
managing an airplane the flow is very
smooth and goes around the foil very
easily and that generates lift but on
the sales it doesn't so that's what
fascinated me when the flow hit the
sales it actually started rolling over
and to voters it and what really
generalized lifts are at these borders
so we put a seal inside the water and we
measure the flow velocity around the
sails and in this way we could finally
see the same vortices that we could see
with numerical simulations we have
discovered recently that if we exploit
correctly a vortex which is generated
near the leading edge of the sails then
this vortex can generate a significant
increase of sail performance so my
research for the few years is to
understand how I can actually keep the
vortex in the position where I want to
have the form and the strength that I
want in order to make the ball go faster
you